add:youtube link on Azion doc (#1235)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/upstash-geolocation.mdx

<LinkButton link="/en/documentation/products/guides/configure-a-domain/" label="go to configuring a domain guide" severity="secondary" /> 

> Learn how Web Application Firewalls secure your applications. Watch the playlist below:

Author: Lean how to use Upstash GeoLocation through Azion:

> Learn how Web Application Firewalls secure your applications. Watch the playlist below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use the Upstash GeoLocation template through Azion. Watch the video below:
```
